Logstasher instrumentation (#2559)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

# New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes

## dev
Version <dev> introduces instrumentation support for the LogStasher gem.

- **Feature: Add instrumentation for LogStasher**

>   The agent will now record logs generated by [LogStasher](https://rubygems.org/gems/logstasher). Versions 1.0.0 and above of the LogStasher gem are supported. [#PR 2559](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2559)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The agent will now record logs generated by [LogStasher](https://github.com/shadabahmed/logstasher). Versions 1.0.0 and above of the LogStasher gem are supported. [#PR 2559](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2559)
```
